config: add metrics section to schema (#8943)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8861-metrics-options.md

## feature/config

> * All metrics `box.cfg{}` options are now supported by config (gh-8861).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All metrics  configuration options from `box.cfg{}` are now supported
  in the YAML config (gh-8861).
```

Author: Done.
